With the off reducers set up we could add a two hour app module.
Now we can't simply add it by adding a new property to this object we're passing to forward route.
We can add the off property and simply point to this newly created reducer.
We can also bundle it in the app reducer though.
There we already have our application wide state.
Now we can also export a constant which you could name.
Reducers our application wide reducers there actually even access a special type for it that the action
reducer map which can be imported from at NCR our X store this import here at the top.
This is a generic type which takes a state type as an input.
Our state here because you want to register all the reducers which are related to our App State as defined
here.
So this now is simply a javascript object which has the same shape as the object and passing an app
module we have a property where we give any name of our choice to a certain area of our application
a certain feature set and then assign the fitting reducer as a value.
We do the same year we should of course keep the naming of our app marshal though so that our application
doesn't break.
So here I'll name it shopping list and now I need to import from shopping list and there the shopping
list reducer don't execute that function though.
Remove the parentheses if you are id entered any Don't add parentheses at the end.
I'll do the same for off from off and on your the off reducer.
Also without parentheses this will be our application wide reducers constant and we cannot simply use
data and the app module we can add a new import for dead where we import reducers.
So this constant we just create it from Store App reducers and now simply pass this to for food instead
of this object.
Reducers now we're managing our application and white states in the app reducers fall.
We can get rid of that shopping list reduce or import the module.
Therefore And with that because of clean and central place where we manage to state and the well connected
reducer mapping that's it for now.
Now with that we can use steady state of state in our application.
Let's do this next and let's try changing and selecting it.